Update changeset guidelines (#4510)
toptal/picasso: docs/contribution/changeset-guidelines.md

Please use this format:

> [!NOTE]

> > If the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch | minor | major` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.
```

Please use this format:

> [!NOTE]

> > If the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.

Reviewer 2: NIT

```suggestion
> If the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually these packages have name like `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Unfortunately I could not understand this note. 
1) Maybe better to put it after the format itself? The text earlier says "Please use this format:" and then note comes as if it is format 🤔 
2) `version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch | minor | major` does not make sense to me. Add where? How do I pick between  patch | minor | major?
3) `don't forget to include the heading` include where? what heading?
4) `Picasso patch release notes` could be a link.
5) `usually these packages have name like` how do I know if I am in unusual case? What if my package is called differently but Picasso depends on it? How do I know?

General note. This is technical documentation, IMO it has to be very terse and clear, without "please" and "don't forget". Here is and example I did with ChatGPT:
```
For major version bumps, add '@toptal/picasso': patch | minor | major and include the heading to display the changeset comments in the Picasso patch release notes. This applies to Picasso dependent packages, typically named @toptal/picasso-package-name.
```

```
---
'@toptal/[package]': [version bump]

> //if the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that depend on picasso, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-show-more`.

Reviewer 4: I didn't get this: `packages that depend on picasso` — maybe we are talking about packages that Picasso depends on?

Author: You are right! I will reformulate accordingly! Thx!

Reviewer: When introducing changes to Picasso, it's important to distinguish between updates that require user action and those that don't.

For example, in the case of a Tailwind migration, since Picasso already includes a peer dependency on picasso-tailwind, users don't need to take any additional steps when new components are migrated. Therefore, such changes can be considered non-breaking, and a patch update would suffice.

However, for breaking changes—such as an API modification (e.g., removing the icon property from the List component)—these changes would require users to adjust their implementations. In these cases, a major version bump for Picasso is necessary, rather than a patch.

> //if the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// if the version bump is major, please also add `'@toptal/picasso': patch` and don't forget to include the heading to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes. This is only required for packages that Picasso depends on, usually of the form `@toptal/picasso-package-name`.
```

```
---
'@toptal/[package]': [version bump]
//if the build bump is major, please also add the line below to have the changeset comments visible in the Picasso patch release notes.

> '@toptal/picasso': patch 

Reviewer 4: I'm afraid this comment will always be visible

Author: That's correct! :)
I've changed it, Thx!

Reviewer 2: If the https://github.com/toptal/picasso/blob/master/packages/topkit-analytics-charts/package.json is bumped, we do not need to bump `@toptal/picasso` as it does not depend on it. Should there be some kind of specification that `@toptal/picasso` should be bumped not in 100% if cases (as `@toptal/picasso` does not depend on _all_ packages in https://github.com/toptal/picasso)

Reviewer: Let's also mention, that when we add the patch for Picasso, we should also include the heading for giving context in the Picasso release notes
